Feel the feeling for one I believe
just the freedom without specifications
can regulate makes easy on what
you have that fast flies around you
around and that is just freedom
just always experiences the moment
moment of the extra class could also the
Visitors to the bmw world experience
just in time for the winter season brought the
bmw group the bmw mountains to munich
from the 14th
until 16 november winter fans could do the
alpine sports program of the company
to get to know
we have a very interesting one
Spectacular program compiled
We have enacted freerider experts
the lectures that the whole topic
freeriding and we have our partners
stands up
We offer the entire family for each
interest very round program
here in the heart of berlin since 2010
the bmw group partner of winter sports
insights into the world of alpine sports
gave freeride star novel among others
pipe moser and biathlon legend fritz
fisherman
we are awesome because the world for
bmw was also available for winter sports
also with extras for the sensational
the repair wintersportnation ago
to need everything here in the bmw world
She would be at the different stations
the winter fans were active themselves
become
at the biathlon camp fritz fischer zum
For example, you could be sure of the accuracy
Try it on a shooting simulator
another highlight of bmw power
light helicopter
he brings the winter fans up to the
summit of the arlberg also on the spot of the bmw
xdrive parcours on ramps and leaning
Plain could visitors the bmw
Four-wheel drive xdrive test
bmw very sporty car and it fits
to the mountains perfect my eyes
I find quite fitting the bmw
team this is the factory in munich
that's on the snow too
engage in winter sports and
presence of her fits very well
before the fans but in the winter season
Start it forecast in auditorium
movie night of the absolute extra class
the world premiere of the film endless winter
heated the winter joy so properly
glacier performance and then
We really want to be on the roof of the other
to over 5,000 we have until after
argentina over lakes and seas less
all the way to the sea
so that was somehow fascinating after all
the world is almost the winter season now
open challenge the winter
fun and action are guaranteed